docs: Add Lamatic to the Hacktoberfest Swag List for 2025 (#1017)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **Issues**: Find issues in the [goose Hacktoberfest 2025 Project Hub](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).
- **Notes**: [Check out the goose Hacktoberfest 2025 blog post for full details](https://block.github.io/goose/blog/2025/09/26/hacktoberfest-2025/) and the [pinned Hacktoberfest issue](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).

### L

#### Lamatic

- **Swag**: T-shirt, stickers, exclusive Lamatic swag
- **Requirements**: 

>     - 4 valid PRs to earn Hacktoberfest swag
>     - PRs must be valid and follow project guidelines
>     - Add `hacktoberfest` tag to PR title or description
> - **How to sign up**: [Register for Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com) and contribute to any of their repositories
> - **Issues**: [Lamatic SDK Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/lamatic-sdk/issues), [Lamatic Docs Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/Lamatic-Docs/issues), [Agent Kits Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/AgentKit/issues)
> - **Notes**: [Hacktoberfest 2025 Announcement](https://lamatic.ai/docs/hacktoberfest-2025) - They have 3 open source repositories: Lamatic SDK, Lamatic Docs, and Lamatic Agent Kits. Top contributors get featured on their Hall of Fame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make 4 valid PRs to any of the three repositories.
    - PRs must be valid and follow project guidelines.
    - Add `hacktoberfest` tag to PR title or description.
- **How to sign up**: [Register for Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com)
- **Issues**: 
		- [Lamatic SDK Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/lamatic-sdk/issues) 
		- [Lamatic Docs Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/Lamatic-Docs/issues) 
		- [Lamatic Agent Kits Issues](https://github.com/Lamatic/AgentKit/issues)
- **Notes**: Read the [announcement](https://lamatic.ai/docs/hacktoberfest) for more details.
```
